API route clarification (#370)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/server-side-rendering.md

#### API Routes

> An API route is a .js or .ts file in the src/pages/ folder that takes a request and returns a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API route is either a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages/` folder which  takes a [`Request`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and returns a `[Response]`(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response).
```

Reviewer: Just a small formatting nit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An API route is a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages/` folder that takes a [`Request`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and returns a `[Response]`(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response).
```

Aaand.... this is what I would do! (I don't think "either" needs to be there, and I feel like "that" is more in the voice of these docs than "which.")

Reviewer: English is a romantic language

“Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounc'd it to you, trippingly on the tongue.”

> An API route is a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages/` folder that takes a [`Request`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and returns a `[Response]`(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An API route is a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages/` folder that takes a [Request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and returns a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response).
```
